README.md, before:


<a name="readme-top"></a>
[![Contributors][contributors-shield]][contributors-url]
[![Forks][forks-shield]][forks-url]
[![Stargazers][stars-shield]][stars-url]
[![Issues][issues-shield]][issues-url]
[![MIT License][license-shield]][license-url]
[![LinkedIn][linkedin-shield]][linkedin-url]



<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/Ludis-et/ha-belu">
    <img src="https://github.com/Ludis-ET/Best-README-Template/blob/master/images/logo.png" alt="Logo" width="80" height="80">
  </a>

  <h3 align="center">Ha Belu School Management System</h3>

  <p align="center">
    A comprehensive educational platform that empowers students to check results, chat, and access courses, while providing teachers, managers, and staff with tools to manage content, results, and overall website settings.
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/Ludis-et/ha-belu"><strong>Explore the docs »</strong></a>
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="https://ha-belu.vercel.app">View Demo</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/Ludis-et/ha-belu/issues">Report Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/Ludis-et/ha-belu/issues">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</div>



<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details>
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#about-the-project">About The Project</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#built-with">Built With</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#getting-started">Getting Started</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#prerequisites">Prerequisites</a></li>
        <li><a href="#installation">Installation</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li><a href="#usage">Usage</a></li>
    <li><a href="#roadmap">Roadmap</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contributing">Contributing</a></li>
    <li><a href="#license">License</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contact">Contact</a></li>
    <li><a href="#acknowledgments">Acknowledgments</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>



<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->

[product-screenshot]: media/readme/home-page.png
[![Product Name Screen Shot][product-screenshot]](media/readme/home-page.png)

## About The Project

For visitors who haven't logged in yet, our website offers a welcoming environment filled with valuable content. They have unrestricted access to browse through a variety of informative blog posts, gaining insights into educational topics and the latest updates. Additionally, unregistered users can directly communicate with the manager, providing a channel for inquiries, feedback, or any assistance they may require. Creating an account is a seamless process, allowing individuals to become part of our educational community, unlocking personalized features and accessing a plethora of resources. Should they ever encounter difficulties with account access, our user-friendly system facilitates a straightforward account recovery process, ensuring a hassle-free experience for every user interacting with our platform.

### Key Features

- **Order Repair Services:**
  - Users can easily place orders for electronic repair services.
  - Specify device details, the type of repair needed, and preferred service time.

- **Flexible Service Models:**
  - Choose between in-store repair or on-site service at your doorstep.
  - Enjoy the convenience of having technicians come to your home for repairs.

- **Interactive Blog Section:**
  - Stay informed and entertained with our blog section.
  - Discover new articles, tips, and insights related to electronic devices and repairs.

### How It Works

1. **Order Placement:**
   - Navigate to the [Order Page] to initiate the repair process.
   - Provide necessary details about your device and the issue.

2. **Service Selection:**
   - Choose between in-store repair or on-site service.
   - Pick a convenient time for the repair to take place.

3. **Blog Exploration:**
   - Visit our [Blog Section] to stay updated on the latest trends, tips, and news.
   - Engage with our community through comments and discussions.

### Built With

* [![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/Django-092E20?style=for-the-badge&logo=django&logoColor=white)](https://www.djangoproject.com/)
* [![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML)
* [![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/Bootstrap-563D7C?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white)](https://getbootstrap.com/)
* [![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)](https://www.w3.org/Style/CSS/Overview.en.html)
* [![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript)
* [![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)](https://www.python.org/)
* [![jQuery](https://img.shields.io/badge/jQuery-0769AD?style=for-the-badge&logo=jquery&logoColor=white)](https://jquery.com/)


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- GETTING STARTED -->
## Getting Started

This is an example of how you may give instructions on setting up your Django project locally. To get a local copy up and running, follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites

This is an example of how to list things you need to use the software and how to install them.
* Python
  ```sh
  # Install Python via your preferred method, e.g., using pyenv
  pyenv install 3.9.18
  ```

### Installation

_Below is an example of how you can instruct your audience on installing and setting up this project into your local machine and run_

1. **Clone the repo**
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/Ludis-ET/ha-belu.git
   ```

2. **Navigate to the project directory**
   ```sh
   cd ha-belu
   ```

3. **Create a virtual environment**
   ```sh
   python -m venv venv
   ```

4. **Activate the virtual environment**
  - On Windows:
   ```sh
   .\venv\Scripts\activate
   ```
  - On Unix or MacOS:
   ```sh
   source venv/bin/activate
   ```
5. **Install required packages**
   ```sh
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```
6. **Apply migrations**
   ```sh
   python manage.py migrate
   ```
7. **Run the development server**
   ```sh
   python manage.py runserver
   ```

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

[![Product Name Screen Shot][product-screenshott]](static/readme/screencapture-localhost-8000-admin-page-2024-02-15-19_46_08.png)

<!-- USAGE EXAMPLES -->
## Usage

Remember to replace `3.9.18` with your preferred Python version if it's different. If you have any specific API keys or configuration steps related to your Django app, you can include them in the relevant sections of this guide.


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- ROADMAP
## Roadmap

- [x] Add Changelog
- [x] Add back to top links
- [ ] Add Additional Templates w/ Examples
- [ ] Add "components" document to easily copy & paste sections of the readme
- [ ] Multi-language Support
    - [ ] Chinese
    - [ ] Spanish -->

See the [open issues](https://github.com/Ludis-et/ha-belu/issues) for a full list of proposed features (and known issues).

<!-- <p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p> -->



<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->
## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

If you have a suggestion that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request. You can also simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".
Don't forget to give the project a star! Thanks again!

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- LICENSE -->
## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE.txt` for more information.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- CONTACT -->
## Contact

Your Name - [instagram](https://instagram.com/lulsgd) - leulsegedmelaku1020@gmail.com

Project Link: [https://github.com/ludis-et/ha-belu](https://github.com/ludis-et/ha-belu)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


<!-- 
## Acknowledgments

Use this space to list resources you find helpful and would like to give credit to. I've included a few of my favorites to kick things off!

* [Choose an Open Source License](https://choosealicense.com)
* [GitHub Emoji Cheat Sheet](https://www.webpagefx.com/tools/emoji-cheat-sheet)
* [Malven's Flexbox Cheatsheet](https://flexbox.malven.co/)
* [Malven's Grid Cheatsheet](https://grid.malven.co/)
* [Img Shields](https://shields.io)
* [GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com)
* [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com)
* [React Icons](https://react-icons.github.io/react-icons/search)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p> -->



<!-- MARKDOWN LINKS & IMAGES -->
<!-- https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links -->
[contributors-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/Ludis-et/ha-belu.svg?style=for-the-badge
[contributors-url]: https://github.com/Ludis-et/ha-belu/graphs/contributors
[forks-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/forks/Ludis-et/ha-belu.svg?style=for-the-badge
[forks-url]: https://github.com/Ludis-et/ha-belu/network/members
[stars-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/Ludis-et/ha-belu.svg?style=for-the-badge
[stars-url]: https://github.com/Ludis-et/ha-belu/stargazers
[issues-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/Ludis-et/ha-belu.svg?style=for-the-badge
[issues-url]: https://github.com/Ludis-et/ha-belu/issues
[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/Ludis-et/ha-belu.svg?style=for-the-badge
[license-url]: https://github.com/Ludis-et/ha-belu/blob/master/LICENSE.txt
[linkedin-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-black.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&colorB=555
[linkedin-url]: https://linkedin.com/in/othneildrew
[product-screenshot]: static/readme/screencapture-ha-belu-vercel-app-2024-02-15-18_50_59.png
[product-screenshott]: static/readme/screencapture-localhost-8000-admin-page-2024-02-15-19_46_08.png

[Next.js]:  https://img.shields.io/badge/Django?style=for-the-badge&logo=django
[Next-url]: https://www.djangoproject.com/
[React.js]: https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB
[React-url]: https://reactjs.org/
[Vue.js]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Vue.js-35495E?style=for-the-badge&logo=vuedotjs&logoColor=4FC08D
[Vue-url]: https://vuejs.org/
[Angular.io]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Angular-DD0031?style=for-the-badge&logo=angular&logoColor=white
[Angular-url]: https://angular.io/
[Svelte.dev]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Svelte-4A4A55?style=for-the-badge&logo=svelte&logoColor=FF3E00
[Svelte-url]: https://svelte.dev/
[Laravel.com]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Laravel-FF2D20?style=for-the-badge&logo=laravel&logoColor=white
[Laravel-url]: https://laravel.com
[Bootstrap.com]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Bootstrap-563D7C?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white
[Bootstrap-url]: https://getbootstrap.com
[JQuery.com]: https://img.shields.io/badge/jQuery-0769AD?style=for-the-badge&logo=jquery&logoColor=white
[JQuery-url]: https://jquery.com

Commit message:

Update README.md to include Student User Type section

README.md, after:


<a name="readme-top"></a>
[![Contributors][contributors-shield]][contributors-url]
[![Forks][forks-shield]][forks-url]
[![Stargazers][stars-shield]][stars-url]
[![Issues][issues-shield]][issues-url]
[![MIT License][license-shield]][license-url]
[![LinkedIn][linkedin-shield]][linkedin-url]



<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/Ludis-et/ha-belu">
    <img src="https://github.com/Ludis-ET/Best-README-Template/blob/master/images/logo.png" alt="Logo" width="80" height="80">
  </a>

  <h3 align="center">Ha Belu School Management System</h3>

  <p align="center">
    A comprehensive educational platform that empowers students to check results, chat, and access courses, while providing teachers, managers, and staff with tools to manage content, results, and overall website settings.
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/Ludis-et/ha-belu"><strong>Explore the docs »</strong></a>
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="https://ha-belu.vercel.app">View Demo</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/Ludis-et/ha-belu/issues">Report Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/Ludis-et/ha-belu/issues">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</div>



<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details>
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#about-the-project">About The Project</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#built-with">Built With</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#getting-started">Getting Started</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#prerequisites">Prerequisites</a></li>
        <li><a href="#installation">Installation</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li><a href="#usage">Usage</a></li>
    <li><a href="#roadmap">Roadmap</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contributing">Contributing</a></li>
    <li><a href="#license">License</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contact">Contact</a></li>
    <li><a href="#acknowledgments">Acknowledgments</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>



<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->

[product-screenshot]: media/readme/home-page.png
[![Product Name Screen Shot][product-screenshot]](media/readme/home-page.png)

## About The Project

For visitors who haven't logged in yet, our website offers a welcoming environment filled with valuable content. They have unrestricted access to browse through a variety of informative blog posts, gaining insights into educational topics and the latest updates. Additionally, unregistered users can directly communicate with the manager, providing a channel for inquiries, feedback, or any assistance they may require. Creating an account is a seamless process, allowing individuals to become part of our educational community, unlocking personalized features and accessing a plethora of resources. Should they ever encounter difficulties with account access, our user-friendly system facilitates a straightforward account recovery process, ensuring a hassle-free experience for every user interacting with our platform.


[product-screenshot]: media/readme/student-dashboard.png
[![Product Name Screen Shot][product-screenshot]](media/readme/student-dashboard.png)


## Student User Type

Students on our platform enjoy a rich learning experience with a variety of features tailored to their academic journey. They have the privilege to explore and enroll in courses relevant to their interests, interact with peers through course comments, and stay updated by subscribing to their preferred subjects. Our extensive digital library provides students with convenient access to a plethora of softcopy books, fostering a culture of continuous learning. This holistic approach aims to empower students, not just academically but also by nurturing a sense of community and intellectual curiosity within our educational ecosystem.

In addition to the academic offerings, students can delve into a vibrant community where they can engage in discussions, share insights, and foster collaborative learning. The platform's interactive features enable students to comment on course materials, creating a dynamic environment for knowledge exchange. The subscription feature ensures that students stay informed about updates, announcements, and new course offerings, enhancing their educational experience. With a user-friendly interface and diverse resources, our platform strives to make the learning journey seamless, enjoyable, and intellectually rewarding for every student.


## Student User Type

Students on our platform enjoy a rich learning experience with a variety of features tailored to their academic journey. They have the privilege to explore and enroll in courses relevant to their interests, interact with peers through course comments, and stay updated by subscribing to their preferred subjects. Our extensive digital library provides students with convenient access to a plethora of softcopy books, fostering a culture of continuous learning. This holistic approach aims to empower students, not just academically but also by nurturing a sense of community and intellectual curiosity within our educational ecosystem.

In addition to the academic offerings, students can delve into a vibrant community where they can engage in discussions, share insights, and foster collaborative learning. The platform's interactive features enable students to comment on course materials, creating a dynamic environment for knowledge exchange. The subscription feature ensures that students stay informed about updates, announcements, and new course offerings, enhancing their educational experience. With a user-friendly interface and diverse resources, our platform strives to make the learning journey seamless, enjoyable, and intellectually rewarding for every student.

### Key Features

- **Order Repair Services:**
  - Users can easily place orders for electronic repair services.
  - Specify device details, the type of repair needed, and preferred service time.

- **Flexible Service Models:**
  - Choose between in-store repair or on-site service at your doorstep.
  - Enjoy the convenience of having technicians come to your home for repairs.

- **Interactive Blog Section:**
  - Stay informed and entertained with our blog section.
  - Discover new articles, tips, and insights related to electronic devices and repairs.

### How It Works

1. **Order Placement:**
   - Navigate to the [Order Page] to initiate the repair process.
   - Provide necessary details about your device and the issue.

2. **Service Selection:**
   - Choose between in-store repair or on-site service.
   - Pick a convenient time for the repair to take place.

3. **Blog Exploration:**
   - Visit our [Blog Section] to stay updated on the latest trends, tips, and news.
   - Engage with our community through comments and discussions.

### Built With

* [![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/Django-092E20?style=for-the-badge&logo=django&logoColor=white)](https://www.djangoproject.com/)
* [![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML)
* [![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/Bootstrap-563D7C?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white)](https://getbootstrap.com/)
* [![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)](https://www.w3.org/Style/CSS/Overview.en.html)
* [![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript)
* [![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)](https://www.python.org/)
* [![jQuery](https://img.shields.io/badge/jQuery-0769AD?style=for-the-badge&logo=jquery&logoColor=white)](https://jquery.com/)


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- GETTING STARTED -->
## Getting Started

This is an example of how you may give instructions on setting up your Django project locally. To get a local copy up and running, follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites

This is an example of how to list things you need to use the software and how to install them.
* Python
  ```sh
  # Install Python via your preferred method, e.g., using pyenv
  pyenv install 3.9.18
  ```

### Installation

_Below is an example of how you can instruct your audience on installing and setting up this project into your local machine and run_

1. **Clone the repo**
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/Ludis-ET/ha-belu.git
   ```

2. **Navigate to the project directory**
   ```sh
   cd ha-belu
   ```

3. **Create a virtual environment**
   ```sh
   python -m venv venv
   ```

4. **Activate the virtual environment**
  - On Windows:
   ```sh
   .\venv\Scripts\activate
   ```
  - On Unix or MacOS:
   ```sh
   source venv/bin/activate
   ```
5. **Install required packages**
   ```sh
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```
6. **Apply migrations**
   ```sh
   python manage.py migrate
   ```
7. **Run the development server**
   ```sh
   python manage.py runserver
   ```

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

[![Product Name Screen Shot][product-screenshott]](static/readme/screencapture-localhost-8000-admin-page-2024-02-15-19_46_08.png)

<!-- USAGE EXAMPLES -->
## Usage

Remember to replace `3.9.18` with your preferred Python version if it's different. If you have any specific API keys or configuration steps related to your Django app, you can include them in the relevant sections of this guide.


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- ROADMAP
## Roadmap

- [x] Add Changelog
- [x] Add back to top links
- [ ] Add Additional Templates w/ Examples
- [ ] Add "components" document to easily copy & paste sections of the readme
- [ ] Multi-language Support
    - [ ] Chinese
    - [ ] Spanish -->

See the [open issues](https://github.com/Ludis-et/ha-belu/issues) for a full list of proposed features (and known issues).

<!-- <p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p> -->



<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->
## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

If you have a suggestion that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request. You can also simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".
Don't forget to give the project a star! Thanks again!

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- LICENSE -->
## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE.txt` for more information.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- CONTACT -->
## Contact

Your Name - [instagram](https://instagram.com/lulsgd) - leulsegedmelaku1020@gmail.com

Project Link: [https://github.com/ludis-et/ha-belu](https://github.com/ludis-et/ha-belu)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


<!-- 
## Acknowledgments

Use this space to list resources you find helpful and would like to give credit to. I've included a few of my favorites to kick things off!

* [Choose an Open Source License](https://choosealicense.com)
* [GitHub Emoji Cheat Sheet](https://www.webpagefx.com/tools/emoji-cheat-sheet)
* [Malven's Flexbox Cheatsheet](https://flexbox.malven.co/)
* [Malven's Grid Cheatsheet](https://grid.malven.co/)
* [Img Shields](https://shields.io)
* [GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com)
* [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com)
* [React Icons](https://react-icons.github.io/react-icons/search)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p> -->



<!-- MARKDOWN LINKS & IMAGES -->
<!-- https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links -->
[contributors-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/Ludis-et/ha-belu.svg?style=for-the-badge
[contributors-url]: https://github.com/Ludis-et/ha-belu/graphs/contributors
[forks-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/forks/Ludis-et/ha-belu.svg?style=for-the-badge
[forks-url]: https://github.com/Ludis-et/ha-belu/network/members
[stars-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/Ludis-et/ha-belu.svg?style=for-the-badge
[stars-url]: https://github.com/Ludis-et/ha-belu/stargazers
[issues-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/Ludis-et/ha-belu.svg?style=for-the-badge
[issues-url]: https://github.com/Ludis-et/ha-belu/issues
[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/Ludis-et/ha-belu.svg?style=for-the-badge
[license-url]: https://github.com/Ludis-et/ha-belu/blob/master/LICENSE.txt
[linkedin-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-black.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&colorB=555
[linkedin-url]: https://linkedin.com/in/othneildrew
[product-screenshot]: static/readme/screencapture-ha-belu-vercel-app-2024-02-15-18_50_59.png
[product-screenshott]: static/readme/screencapture-localhost-8000-admin-page-2024-02-15-19_46_08.png

[Next.js]:  https://img.shields.io/badge/Django?style=for-the-badge&logo=django
[Next-url]: https://www.djangoproject.com/
[React.js]: https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB
[React-url]: https://reactjs.org/
[Vue.js]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Vue.js-35495E?style=for-the-badge&logo=vuedotjs&logoColor=4FC08D
[Vue-url]: https://vuejs.org/
[Angular.io]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Angular-DD0031?style=for-the-badge&logo=angular&logoColor=white
[Angular-url]: https://angular.io/
[Svelte.dev]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Svelte-4A4A55?style=for-the-badge&logo=svelte&logoColor=FF3E00
[Svelte-url]: https://svelte.dev/
[Laravel.com]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Laravel-FF2D20?style=for-the-badge&logo=laravel&logoColor=white
[Laravel-url]: https://laravel.com
[Bootstrap.com]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Bootstrap-563D7C?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white
[Bootstrap-url]: https://getbootstrap.com
[JQuery.com]: https://img.shields.io/badge/jQuery-0769AD?style=for-the-badge&logo=jquery&logoColor=white
[JQuery-url]: https://jquery.com
